# What to Do With Folder?
This folder holds the code to run OPRO to answer RQ1. That means, the output of the experiments in this folder would be used to compare them to IndoBERTweet's performance.

Experimentally, there will be n_models x 10 (data portions) x 3 (seed) x 2 (data source) runs. In IndoBERTweet, data portions are used as training data. But, in OPRO, data portions are the reservoir of few-shot exemplars. 

Data split used:
1. exemplars are used during the optimization process to help guide the optimizer to create better rubrics.
2. opt_set is used by the scorer to get the score of each rubric generated by the optimizer.
3. val_set is used by the scorer in the final run to find the best rubric.
4. test_set is used to report the rubric's performance.

# How to use
1. Reporting: use `aggregate.py` | `python aggregate.py --sources [csis/indoDiscourse] --model [check config key]`
2. Run experiment: use `run_single.py` | `python run_single.py --model [check config key] --source [csis/indoDiscourse] --portion [010, ..., 100] --seed xx`
3. Other codes are just support. I would run them on BUSCC like the .sh files; but, adapt these. 
4. NOTE: From testing, these models fits on 2 L40S. I'm coding this section under that assumption. 

# Things that may need changes
1. `config.py`
- [ ] MODEL_REPO, directly dictates which model are being used in this experiment. I suggest just picking 2. Remember that 1 chosen model will already result in 60 runs. NOT CHEAP!
2. `opro_core.py`
- [ ] Holds all the prompts. If the prompts need to be changed, change them from this file.
